Prepare for 0.21 release (#3412)
yewstack/yew: website/blog/2023-09-23-release-0-21.md

This is a big breaking change so we've provided [a way to automate the refactor](https://yew.rs/docs/migration-guides/yew/from-0_20_0-to-0_21_0#automated-refactor)

### 2. Versatile Child Types

Yew now allows you to use any type as children within your components. This means you're no longer limited to just the `Children` type.
Instead, you can use any type, even `Html` or closures, unlocking patterns such as:

```rust
html! {
    <Comp>
        {|p: RenderProps| html!{<>{"Hello, "}{p.name}</>}}
    </Comp>
}
```

### 3. Agents: A Complete Rewrite

Yew 0.21 brings a complete rewrite of `yew-agent`. This streamlines and simplifies the way workers operate. Here's what you need to know:

-   **Introducing Providers:** Say goodbye to the old `Worker::bridge()` method. Now, you can use the use `WorkerProvider` / `ReactorProvider` / `OneshotProvider`  as per your need, by creating them using the hooks. 

-   **WorkerLink to WorkerScope:** We've removed WorkerLink in favor of WorkerScope. This change simplifies the worker architecture, making it more straightforward to manage and maintain.

> There are two types of agents to be used, depending upon the situation:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
There are 3 types of agents to be used, depending upon the situation:

-   **Worker Agent:** Original agent that uses an actor model, designed to handle complex states.
```

```rust
use_effect_with_deps(deps, move |deps: Vec<i32>| {
    // Do something with dependencies
});
```

The reason behind swapping the order of dependencies in the code snippet is to address a specific use case.
In situations where the same value is needed both to compute a dependency and to be moved by value into the closure, the new order simplifies the code and improves readability and ergonomics.

This is a big breaking change so we've provided [a way to automate the refactor](https://yew.rs/docs/migration-guides/yew/from-0_20_0-to-0_21_0#automated-refactor)

### 2. Versatile Child Types

Yew now allows you to use any type as children within your components. This means you're no longer limited to just the `Children` type.
Instead, you can use any type, even `Html` or closures, unlocking patterns such as:

```rust
html! {
    <Comp>
        {|p: RenderProps| html!{<>{"Hello, "}{p.name}</>}}
    </Comp>
}
```

### 3. Agents: A Complete Rewrite

Yew 0.21 brings a complete rewrite of `yew-agent`. This streamlines and simplifies the way workers operate. Here's what you need to know:

> -   **Unification of PublicWorker and PrivateWorker:** We've brought PublicWorker and PrivateWorker together, creating a single, consistent worker type that's easier to work with.

Reviewer: This is only true for standalone agent (using gloo-worker directly). reach (public / private) still exists for workers spawned with a provider.

Author: ```suggestion
```

> -   **Introducing WorkerSpawner:** Say goodbye to the old `Worker::bridge()` method. Now, you can use the WorkerSpawner with a builder pattern to spawn workers. It's a more intuitive way to create workers, and it always spawns a new one.

Reviewer: Yew applications should use `WorkerProvider` / `ReactorProvider` / `OneshotProvider` instead of `WorkerSpawner`.

Author: ```suggestion
-   **Introducing Providers:** Say goodbye to the old `Worker::bridge()` method. Now, you can use the use `WorkerProvider` / `ReactorProvider` / `OneshotProvider`  as per your need, by creating them using the hooks. 
```

-   **WorkerLink to WorkerScope:** We've removed WorkerLink in favor of WorkerScope. This change simplifies the worker architecture, making it more straightforward to manage and maintain.

> -   **WorkerBridge::fork():** For those who relied on PublicWorker functionality, we've introduced WorkerBridge::fork(). It allows you to "fork" the bridge with a different callback and HandlerId.

Reviewer: `fork` is also not available for agents created with an agent provider. Components should use a hook.

Author: ```suggestion
```
